No one understands modern AI. Each new
little piece of text known as a token
produced by Chat GPT is the result of
hundreds of billions of separate
calculations.
The parameters used in these
calculations are learned from data by
training Chat GPT to predict a single
token [music] at a time. But somehow
from just learning to predict the next
little piece of [music] text again and
again across trillions of examples, what
feels like real intelligence emerges?
What pathways through the network's
billions of computations are responsible
for specific knowledge or abilities?
Why do certain skills only emerge from
models of a certain size or after
training for a certain duration? Are
these giant models just memorizing or
are they actually learning?
Today we have many compelling clues but
no definitive answers to these
questions.
One interesting question we can ask is
how much complexity do we have to strip
away before we can really truly
understand a model? We know how the
individual artificial neurons that make
up these models work. Although this did
take some time to sort out back in the
1960s.
As we connect more and more of these
neurons together, when exactly does our
understanding really start to break
down? In this video, I'm going to claim
that one specific example, groing
modular arithmetic with a single layer
transformer, is the most complex AI
model that we fully understand.
This is obviously highly subjective. If
you have a different example that you
think fits, please share it in the
comments. Your answers could make for a
fun follow-up video.
Like many scientific discoveries, we
stumbled onto groing completely by
accident. The initial discovery led to
some remarkable follow-up work that
allows us to rigorously understand what
the model's parameters are actually
learning, why certain behaviors emerge
later in training. And incredibly, we
can even watch the model progress from
just memorizing training examples to
learning a robust forier space solution
to the modular arithmetic problem. This
example is a few years old at this
point, but it's an amazing and still
very relevant way to look under the hood
of modern transformers. At the end of
this video, we'll also look at some more
recent fascinating results from a team
at anthropic where the team found a
six-dimensional manifold in the
activations of Claude Haiku that appears
to be responsible for handling the
arithmetic required for the model to
figure out when to create new lines. As
Claude writes,
in 2021, a research team at OpenAI was
training small models to perform modular
arithmetic.
If we take a mathematical operation like
X + Y, we can turn this operation into a
data set by creating a table with
various X values as our columns and
various Y values as our rows. From here,
we can fill in each cell with the sum of
X and Y. 0 + 0 is 0. 0 + 1 is 1 and so
on. The team was studying modular
arithmetic, meaning we need to pick a
largest number or modulus.
When our number reaches or exceeds the
modulus, we divide by the modulus and
take the remainder.
If we choose a modulus of 5, when we
reach 1 + 4 on our table, the answer is
actually 5 modulo 5 equals 0.
4 + 2 equals 6 modulo 5 giving a final
answer of 1 and so on. The modulo
operation gives our model some
interesting structure to learn and
nicely bounds the number of individual
tokens our model needs. We know that in
this case our answer will always be 0 1
2 3 or four. From here we set aside a
portion of our data for testing and
train on the remaining examples.
It's worth taking a moment to consider
what this data set really looks like
from our model's perspective. Our model
has one input and one output for each
token in its vocabulary. We need five
tokens to represent our numbers 0
through 4, and we'll add one more token
to represent our equal sign. We could
also add a token for the plus sign, but
since we'll only be training our model
on addition, it's not needed. Having a
token for the equal sign is helpful,
however, as we'll see. This effectively
gives our model a placeholder for its
final answer. So our model has six total
inputs, one for each token. For
comparison, GPT5 has 200,000 inputs.
Again, one for each token in its
vocabulary.
To input a math problem into our model,
for example, 1 + 2, we pass in the first
token in our math problem one into the
model by switching on the one position
and switching off all the other
positions. This is known as one hot
encoding and is how the model sees our
first token. Our second token two is
passed into our model by switching on
the second input and switching off the
rest. Finally, our equal sign tells us
to switch on only the final input to our
model.
So the math problem 1 + 2 from the
perspective of our model looks like its
first input switched on then its second
input and then its sixth input.
Transformers like these are generally
configured to return outputs of the same
dimension that they're given. So our
model's final output will also be 6x3.
In this case, we're only going to look
at the final column of the model's
output. This is where we want the right
answer to show up. And in this case, we
want the three output to be switched on
since 1 + 2 is three. So what our model
is really learning is to map this
pattern of 18 values, mostly zeros, to
this new pattern of six values.
Now imagine someone just handed you a
bunch of different target input and
output patterns. Here are the input and
output patterns for 1 + 3= 4. Here's 2 +
3= 0, and so on.
After you saw enough of these examples,
do you think you could figure out the
underlying structure of the problem?
This is precisely how large language
models work. When we pass in the text
the capital of France is into llama, for
example, the token for the tells us to
switch on input 791. The token for
capital tells us to switch on input 6864
and so on. Moving to llama's output, the
final column is maximized at an index of
12366,
which corresponds to the token for
Paris.
It's easy to forget that the symbols we
assign to our model's inputs and outputs
have this extra meaning that we attach
to them. But to the model, they're just
patterns of inputs and outputs.
Now, when the OpenAI team trained their
model on modular arithmetic, their
initial results were pretty
underwhelming.
The model was able to quickly learn to
match the patterns in the training data,
giving the correct output on all
training examples. However, the model
performed very poorly on the test set.
It appeared that the model had simply
memorized the training data without
actually learning modular addition.
But then something interesting happened.
One of the researchers went on vacation
but accidentally left a model training.
Returning from vacation, the researcher
was shocked to discover that after a
very large number of training steps, the
model had suddenly generalized,
performing perfectly on both training
and test sets.
What mechanism could possibly be causing
the model to perfectly fit the training
examples after just a couple hundred
steps, appear to lay dormant for a
couple thousand steps, and then suddenly
actually learn? And could similar
dynamics happen in full-size models?
In Robert A. Highland's 1961 novel,
Stranger in a Strange Land, he coins the
term grocking. The book's main
character, a human who was raised on
Mars and returns to Earth, uses the
Martian word gro throughout the book.
Grock has no direct translation from the
far more complex Martian language. But
one meaning is to understand something
so thoroughly that you merge with it and
it merges with you.
The OpenAI team was able to replicate
the sudden generalization phenomenon
across a range of arithmetic operations
and model configurations and in January
2022 published this paper where they
called the phenomenon groing.
Grocking is a provocative name but the
phenomenon itself is shocking.
What could be causing the model to
suddenly perform perfectly on the test
set? A year after the publication of the
OpenAI groing paper, a team led by
researcher Neil Nandanda published an
incredibly detailed analysis of the
phenomenon. Their paper digs deep into
the model's parameters and activations
to produce a very satisfying and elegant
explanation. Nandanda and his
collaborators studied a single layer
transformer. This is the same
architecture used in most large language
models just with fewer layers. A
transformer layer is composed of an
attention and multi-layer perceptron
compute block. As we saw with our toy
example earlier, our data is fed into
our model using one hot vectors. NAND
used a modulus of 113.
So the model's input vectors are of
length 114
with 113 positions for the digits 0
through 112 and a final position for the
equal sign. So to ask our model what 1 +
2 is, we pass in this 114x3 matrix made
up of all zeros except for a one in the
one spot of our first column, a one in
the two spot of our second column, and a
one in the equal spot of our final
column. From here, our 113x3 matrix is
multiplied by a matrix of learned
weights known as an embedding matrix,
producing three new vectors of length
128 each. These resulting embedding
vectors are no longer sparse and as
we'll see contain some interesting
structure. From here, our embedding
vectors are passed into our attention
block and then our multi-layer
perceptron compute block. The output of
our multi-layer perceptron is of length
128. We multiply this output by an
unmbbedding matrix to compute a final
vector of length 114.
The model's answer is given by the
largest value in this final vector. So
if our model is working well, its
maximum output value should occur in the
three position corresponding to the
correct answer 1 + 2 equals 3.
Training this model on modular edition,
we see the same groing behavior observed
by the OpenAI team with the model first
memorizing the training data after
around 140 steps and then generalizing
after 7,000 training steps. Let's
explore the model's intermediate
outputs, better known as activations.
Specifically, let's have a close look at
the outputs of some of the neurons in
the second layer of our multi-layer
perceptron block. This layer has 512
total neurons.
If we pass in the problem 0 plus 0 into
our network, the first neuron of this
layer returns an output value of 1.17.
Our second neuron returns an output of
0.6 and so on. Now let's visualize how
these values change as we change the
input math problem.
Let's fix the value of x to 0 and
explore a range of y values starting
with 0 + 0. then 0 + 1, then 0 + 2, and
so on. Sweeping through all 113 possible
values for y, we see some interesting
structure with the outputs of some of
our neurons looking like sine waves.
Digging deeper, let's explore the
correlation between all the different
pairs of these neurons.
Let's color our points using the input y
value to our model. So our neuron
outputs given the input 0 0 are colored
purple and outputs given the input 0 +
112 are colored yellow. From here we'll
create a 7x7 grid of scatter plots for
each pair of neurons. So on our second
scatter plot on our first row for
example we'll plot the output of our
first neuron as the y value and the
output of our second neuron as the x
value. Bringing our two waves together
like this results in a nice loop shape.
creating the same plots for each pair of
neuron outputs, we see more interesting
structures.
So our model has clearly learned some
type of structure. But could this
structure be related to groing? If we
move backwards in our training process
and visualize these structures as we go,
we see that by the time we reach our
model that just memorizes our training
set, these structures completely
disappear. So while this early model
performs perfectly on the training set,
we don't see any evidence of the waves
and loops that we see after grocking. So
perhaps these structures are related to
why the model gro
is sponsored by me. The Welsh Labs team
and I have written a whole new book on
AI. It's beautifully illustrated and is
a great way to dig deeper into the
topics we cover in these videos. Each
chapter includes thoughtprovoking
exercises and supporting code. Our first
print run is totally sold out, but we
have another batch coming quickly in
January. And if you order now, I'll send
you a discount code for a free download
of the ebook version. Books and
education are really near and dear to my
heart, and we've poured a ton of effort
into this book. I really think you're
going to like it. Now, back to Groing
modular arithmetic.
The wave shapes and loops we see inside
our model as it gro suggest that the
model is potentially computing and
making use of the signs and cosiness of
our inputs x and y. If we take a
discrete 4a transform of our activation
pattern, we can compute the frequencies
of the waves learned by our model. This
first wave yields a largest frequency
component of 8 pi over 113.
And our third wave shows a largest
frequency component of 6 pi over 113.
If we plot these waves on top of our
model's outputs, we see nice alignment.
Let's look for these frequencies in
other places in our model. Let's
visualize a single value in our first
embedding vector. Just as we did with
the neurons in our multi-layer
perceptron, let's plot this value as we
sweep through a range of input values.
Note that our first embedding vector
only depends on our first input x. So
here we'll sweep from x= 0 to x= 112
while keeping y fixed at zero. We don't
see quite the same smooth plots that we
saw earlier. But if we compare our curve
to a cosine wave with a frequency of 8
pi over 113, we do see reasonably good
alignment.
Part of the challenge here is that this
early signal in our network also appears
to contain higher frequency information,
which makes sense given that we found
evidence of multiple frequencies later
in our model. We could analyze the
frequency content of our full embedding
vectors at this stage of the model. But
for now, let's build what's known as a
sparse linear probe.
If we sample the values at a few more
positions of our embedding vector, we
see similar semeriodic curves.
Now it turns out that if we take a
weighted sum of these eight curves, we
end up with a curve that looks very
close to a cosine curve with a frequency
of 8 pi over 113.
The weighted sum is very relevant here
because taking weighted sums like this
is a big part of what our attention and
multi-layer perceptron blocks do.
Meaning that these compute blocks have
access to a very clean cosine wave. The
signal is just spread across a few
different locations in our model. At
this stage,
we can compute a similar sparse linear
probe for the sign of x * 8 pi over 113.
Now, our first embedding vector only
depends on our first input x and our
second embedding vector only depends on
our second input y. These inputs are
combined in our attention block. Since
the same embedding matrix is used to
process our three inputs independently,
we can use the same sparse linear probe
on our second embedding vector. And
we'll see the same nice cosine and sign
curves, but now as a function of y.
So very early in the model, our model
learns to compute the signs and cosiness
of our inputs. But why? What did these
functions from trigonometry have to do
with learning modular addition?
The modular addition problem may seem a
bit foreign or contrived, but we
actually do it all the time. A 2-hour
meeting that starts at 11 a.m. will end
at 11 + 2 modulo 12 equals 1 p.m. Analog
clocks are implementing modular addition
physically.
Each hour that ticks by adds one with
the hour hand. And the circular motion
of the hands perfectly matches the
modulo arithmetic problem. starting over
when reaching 12.
Now, as we saw when probing the neurons
in our multi-layer perceptron, our
network learns to form circular patterns
in its activations.
Could these circular structures be
solving the modular arithmetic problem
in the same way that an analog clock
does?
The signs and cosiness we see computed
by our model in its first layer could be
part of this puzzle. If we put the
output of our sparse cosine probe on an
x axis and the output of our sparse sign
probe on the y-axis of a scatter plot,
we get a nice circle when we sweep
through our input values.
However, it's not enough to learn a
circular structure for x and y
independently.
Our network has to figure out how to
actually add x and y together. Adding x
and y may seem trivial for our model to
learn. After all, neural networks are
literally built from a bunch of adds and
multiplies.
But remember that we aren't actually
passing in, for example, the number two
or a direct representation of it.
Instead, we're switching on the input to
our model that we have labeled two.
The network cannot just use one of the
additions in one of its neurons to add X
and Y together.
What happens instead turns out to be way
more interesting.
It is straightforward for our attention
layer to add together the various signs
and cosiness computed by our first
layer. Our attention layer could easily
compute cosine x plus cosine of y.
However, that's still not what we need
to solve the problem. We need to add
together x and y themselves
in our clock analogy. We need to add the
angles of the clock hands, not the signs
and cosiness of these angles.
Let's return to the second layer of
neurons in our multi-layer perceptron
compute block.
Earlier, we explored how these neuron
outputs changed as we varied a single
input.
Let's now explore how these outputs
change as we vary both X and Y to see if
we can figure out how our network is
bringing these variables together.
Again, visualizing the output of a
single neuron. If we keep y fixed at
zero and sweep through all possible x
values, we get a familiar wave shape.
Now let's add another axis to our
visualization and plot our neurons
output now as we vary y.
Let's explore all combinations of values
for x and y. With this many points, it's
easier to visualize our neurons outputs
as the height of a surface where the
color of the surface corresponds to our
neuron's output value. Like many of the
outputs we've seen so far, our surface
is approximately wavelike.
What combinations of signs and cosiness
best capture this wave structure that
our network has learned? As we did
earlier, we can take a 4A transform, but
this time with respect to both X and Y.
Extracting our top frequencies, we can
decompose our surface into a few key
components.
This component is the cosine of x and
this component is the cosine of y.
This top component is the strongest and
the most interesting. It's equal to the
cosine of x times the cosine of y. So
the strongest frequency component of our
surface is equal to the product of the
cosine of x and cosine of y functions
that we saw computed earlier in our
network.
Now, it turns out that it's more natural
for our network to take a sum of signs
and cosiness than a product. I'll put a
note about this in the description. So,
why are we finding a strong product like
this in the middle of our network? And
does this get us any closer to actually
computing the sum of X and Y?
Remarkably, it does. Let me show you one
more thing. Let's go one layer of
neurons deeper into our multi-layer
perceptron and plot the outputs of a
neuron in this layer as a function of X
and Y.
We see similar wavelike shapes here, but
the wave is less regular and it moves
diagonally across our surface.
This orientation of the wave is really
important.
Consider these top two crests where the
output of our neuron is maximized.
Let's move to an overhead view and look
at the combinations of our input values
that fall on these wave crests. The
first crest starts at x= 0 and y= 65.
Moving along our crest, we find
intermediate values at x= 20 and y= 45,
x= 40 and y = 25, x= 60 and y = 5, and
finally x= 65 and y = 0.
All of these pairs of inputs add to the
same value of 65.
So this neuron fires maximally when x +
y equals 65.
In its own specialized way, this neuron
has learned to add or more precisely
this neuron fires for any pair of inputs
that add to 65.
Our second wave crest starts at x= 66,
y= 112.
From there it moves through values like
x= 91 and y= 87 and ends on x= 112 and y
= 66.
Adding these pairs together we get 178
in each case.
Recall that our model is trained on
modular addition with a modulus of 113.
Our result of 178 modulo 113 is 65.
So this second crest also finds pairs of
inputs that add to 65.
But how in just one layer of neurons do
we go from products like the cosine of x
times the cosine of y to actually adding
together x and y themselves.
Here's the output of another neuron in
the second layer of our multi-layer
perceptron. The strongest frequency
component here is s of x time s of y.
Now each neuron in our following layer
takes a weighted sum of the outputs of
the neurons in our current layer.
Let's consider how this weighted sum
causes our surfaces to interact.
We saw earlier that our first neuron's
output has a strongest frequency
component of cosine of x time the cosine
of y and our new second layer neuron has
a strongest frequency component of the s
of x time the s of y. Let's assume for a
moment that the weight assigned to our
cosine x * cosine y neuron is 1 and the
weight assigned to our sin x * sin y
neuron is negative 1. Visually, this
negative weight flips our second surface
vertically.
Now, when we add these weighted surfaces
together, the signs and cosiness
remarkably interfere in just the right
way to create the diagonal symmetry that
we see in our neuron in the following
layer that allowed our neuron to fire on
combinations of inputs that add to 65.
As you may remember from trigonometry
class, the cosine of x time the cosine
of y minus the s of x * the s of y is
actually a trigonometric identity.
specifically a sum of angles identity
that exactly equals the cosine of x + y.
This identity allows us to convert the
sum of products of s and cosiness into a
sum of x and y, which is exactly what
our network needs to compute. And
remarkably, the network appears to have
learned to effectively use this
trigonometric identity to solve the
modular addition problem.
And remember that our training data is
just these sparse patterns that have
nothing to do with signs, cosiness, or
trigonometric identities.
The final unmbed portion of our model
takes one more weighted sum. This time
of the outputs of the final layer
neurons in our multi-layer perceptron.
Visualizing the outputs of a few more of
these neurons, we see the same types of
diagonal symmetries with various shifts
and scales. Our unmbedding layer takes
different combinations of these outputs
for each possible token that the network
could return. Here's the resulting
surface for the seven output.
As we saw with our multi-layer
perceptron neuron that detected all
combinations of numbers that added to
65,
this surface reaches a maximum for all
the combinations of X and Y that add to
7. Here's 7 plus 0. Here's 0 plus 7. And
here's 3 + 4.
So remarkably to solve this modular
arithmetic problem our network learns to
numerically estimate the signs and
cosiness of our inputs computes the
products of these functions and then
uses a clever trig identity to create
the diagonal symmetry needed to solve
the modular addition problem and then
brings multiple versions of these
resulting patterns together to compute a
final answer.
Now, can this detailed understanding of
how the model solves modular addition
help us understand why it gro?
Let's watch the training process again,
but this time while visualizing the
evolution of the various structures
learned by our model. After a few
hundred steps, our model perfectly fits
the training data. But we don't yet see
any hints of signs or cosiness.
As our model continues to learn, its
performance stays flat, giving the
appearance that nothing is happening.
However, as we can now clearly see under
the hood, the model is starting to piece
together the relevant structures needed
to solve the modular arithmetic problem.
This is such a wild phenomenon. It's
very common to visualize training and
test performance as a model learns. And
when both metrics are flat for this
long, the typical assumption is that the
model is done learning and has settled
into a stable solution.
Neil Nandanda and his co-authors propose
a clever new metric in their paper
called excluded loss. Note that thus far
we've been plotting the model's accuracy
as it learns. And here we'll switch to
plotting the model's cross entropy loss.
So lower values are better. See my
gradient descent video or chapter 2 of
my new AI book for more on cross entropy
loss. Now that we know that our model is
operating in the frequency domain at a
few key frequencies, what happens when
we remove the information at these
frequencies from the model's final
output before measuring performance?
Removing the 8 pi over 113 frequency
that we found and plotting this excluded
loss as the model learns. We see our new
metric dip down quickly with training
loss, but then slowly climb as our model
builds the sign and cosine
representations.
This excluded loss increases because
we've taken away the model's ability to
use this key frequency. And importantly,
during this long period of flat training
and testing performance, our excluded
loss slowly climbs, showing that our
model is making more and more use of
patterns at this frequency.
Interestingly, Nanda and his
collaborators show that groing occurs
not necessarily when the sign and cosine
structures are completed, but just after
during a phase they call the cleanup
phase, where the model actually removes
the memorized examples that it relied on
early in training.
These dynamics are fascinating and
explain very nicely why this model gross
on this problem.
It's so satisfying to me that we can
take apart this model, understand the
actual mechanisms that it learns, and
then use these mechanisms to design a
new metric that clearly shows the
model's slow progression from
memorization to learning and that nicely
explains the surprising groing behavior.
This level of clarity is a beautiful and
rare exception in modern AI, a
transparent box in a world of black
boxes.
The approach Nandanda and his
collaborators use to perform this
analysis is generally known as
mechanistic interpretability.
Since Nand's paper came out in early
2023, we've seen some really interesting
progress in this field, but are still
very far away from anywhere near this
level of understanding of full large
language models. There's some recent
work from a research team at Anthropic
that gives a nice feel for the current
edge of our understanding using this
type of bottomup mechanistic
interpretability approach. The team
studies how a full-sized model Claude
3.5 Haiku figures out when to create
line breaks when writing.
The team finds that the Haiku model
represents the number of characters that
it's written on a given line on a
manifold in sixdimensional space. This
structure is somewhat analogous to the
loops that we saw in the multi-layer
perceptron of our model. To figure out
when to insert a line break, Haiku needs
to know both how many characters it's
written on the current line and how many
characters long the lines of the text
it's currently writing it need to be.
Using linear probes similar to the ones
we used here to find the signs and
cosiness early in our model. The
anthropic team mapped character count
and line length to this sixdimensional
manifold and found that haik coup
represents these concepts in this space
in a very similar way.
This 70 character count probe lines up
right next to this line length of 70
probe and so on.
Now, this gets really wild when these
representations are passed into Haiku's
attention blocks.
We see what the team calls a QK twist,
where these helix-like geometries are
rotated relative to each other in this
sixdimensional space.
After rotation, the probe for a
character count of 70 is now closest to
a line width of 75.
And we see a similar offset of four to
five characters across the length of our
curve.
The proximity of these points in the
model's attention heads leads to a high
dot product when the model is about five
characters away from the end of a line.
The team goes on to show that there are
multiple attention heads that specialize
in detecting various distances from the
end of the current line of text. And
this mechanism allows Haiku to precisely
estimate how much more room it has
before the end of the line.
Now, compared to Claude Haiku's full
range of capabilities, deciding when to
create a new line is very simple.
However, it is exciting to see that the
anthropic team found such a clean
mechanism that controls this behavior in
a full-size model.
The story of groing is such a nice arc
of scientific discovery and progress.
We accidentally discovered a new
phenomenon and the search for an
explanation genuinely helped push
forward our understanding of model
training dynamics and the inner workings
of transformers.
The names we give our discoveries matter
and I like the name groing. It feels
alien and originates from the complex
Martian language in Highland's novel.
The AI researcher Andre Karpathy
recently commented that training large
language models is less like building
animal intelligence and more like
summoning ghosts. You can think of a
ghost as a fundamentally different kind
of point in the space of possible
intelligences.
The literal meaning of gro to understand
something profoundly and deeply is a
nice fit for what the model appears to
be doing.
But what I really appreciate here is the
connotation of this thing being alien. I
think it's a really nice counterpoint to
overly personifying models.
We communicate with these models in
human language. But as we've seen, this
is a thin veneer. If we go one layer
deeper into what these models actually
process in return, we find these
absurdly complex [music] patterns.
As we build more intelligent models and
learn more about how they work, it will
be fascinating to see if these
artificial intelligences feel more
alien, ghost, or human.
I am tired. So, this has been my first
full year working fully on Welch Labs.
[music] Um, we made some progress. So,
we did nine videos this year and we did
one book. Um, and man, getting that done
filled like every available second of
time that I had. Um, for now on the
business, I'm trying to keep things
simple. [music] Um, so really just
focusing on making sure that the
business and the channel work well
enough to support my family and I. Um, I
left my full-time job last year. Um, my
goal is to earn as much from Welch Labs
as I did from my engineering job. I was
hoping to replace my whole income this
year. It's probably going to be like
75%. Um, the book helped a lot, but
there's always challenges. The business
side is hard. Um, I've tried to do this
full-time before, once in 2018. Um, I
just didn't have enough runway and
enough focus on the business. So, I
think we're doing it right this time,
but gosh, it takes time and man, it
takes a lot of work. So, I hope you
enjoyed what we've done this year. Um, a
lot more of it next year. Uh, kind of
working on the focus and direction for
next year right now. Um, but I'm really
happy with the book. I hope you're able
to get a copy. I know we're not shipping
internationally yet. That will be a
focus early next year. I I promise. Um
but yeah, what a year, man. Thank you so
much for your support. If you are able
to support on Patreon, that helps a ton.
Or just liking and sharing the videos.
Um thanks for a great year. I'll see you
next year.